## Usage:
0. Config LLM in .env file. Save corresponding API keys to OS system variables.
1. To Launch with frontend, run in cli: bash start.sh
2. To run construction or retrieval in cli, run: 
python main.py --datasets [name of dataset] --config [yaml config file] 
(for example, python main.py --dataset 1 --config base_config.yaml) 
(dataset to run must be configured in corresponding yaml file)
3. Modify the constructor trigger and retrieve trigger to enable or disable construction or retrieval.
4. Dataset is expected to be a list of dictionaries whose keys are ['title','text'], stored in json format, in the file specified in base_config.yaml
5. For question answering, you need to download the spacy model you specify in base_config.yaml. Run in cli: python -m spacy [name of model]. e.g. python -m spacy download zh_core_web_lg
6. To visualize graph generated by running youtu-grpahrag in cli, put the corpus directory in data/uploaded, and adjust settings correspondingly.

## Problems:
2. Files naturally recognized as general.
3. In generation, ["name: Bob"] can become ["name":"Bob"], making json output to malfunction
4. Entity name not distinguishable. For example "少女" in "凡人修仙传" is extracted in different chunks, representing different people.
5. Attributes and edges are extracted independently, meaning that some entities may not have attributes. This is not necessarily a problem.
6. When allowing LLM to reason about entity names, entity relationships becomes broken, where LLM starts to come up with customized entity relations and customized endnodes that do not follow the schema and prompt. This can be a huge problem in prompt engineering.
7. Entity extraction result is very sensitive to training example. If instruction contradicts examples, LLM tends to violate instructions to mimic examples.
8. (Fixed,converted all chunk_contents to dict) Major technical bug to be fixed: In enhanced_kt_retriever, chunks are frequently stored as lists, and chunkids match to chunks using position of chunkid in chunkid list. This can lead to key mismatch
9. Community are not properly used. The only place that uses community is the nodes representing communities. I don't see the point of the community. Many communities even have nodes from different novels
10. In anonyrag dataset, LLM learns to label events as event#1, event#2, etc. This is extremely problematic. There could be two solutions: A. Use examples to lead LLM to infer true names in graph extraction time. B. Use a separate entity extraction model that extract exact entities from text.
11. （蛇）张开巨口 -> [PERSON#666]巨口
12. Generated answer different from thought process. Generated answer says correct answer not in option, but thought process is totally correct.

## Ideas to try:
- Extract named entities in a separate prompt (or use finetuned ml/ai model). Incl ude extracted entities that are found in current prompt when prompting LLM to extract relations.
- Include entities from previous chunks and short descriptions in relation extraction prompt.
- I need to test if the graph can fool LLM to believe some object entity belong to multiple people when it's not such as 储物袋,筑基丹,洞府 and some person entity refers to the same person when it's not such as 少女, 老者, 少妇
- Test if the graph can fool LLM to recognize aliases of the same person as different people, such as (墨大夫，墨居仁) and (韩立，厉飞羽) and (张铁，巨汉，铁奴) and (少女，精灵少女，掩月宗少女，掩月宗师祖，南宫婉) and (陈师妹，陈巧倩)
- Read about how NER deal with ambiguity. (disambiguating) This is a hard task. (can use contextual embedding)
- For NER, First search off the shelf segmentation models (like bert) (Gliner works fine), then try finetuning 7B models.
- I want to try query time community building, which finds core nodes and edges from most relevant keywords in the query. I also want to make sure the agent know exactly how its outputs are used by the next agent prompt, so that it is not including useless phrases like "在《水浒传》中". I can Look at centrality of graph (nodes) and pagerank. (I think random walk with restart is better) 
- Retrieve should be keyword based instead of vector based, can have multiple round CoT until agent can find most proper set of keywords for query time community building.
- Can use high school reading comprehension questions for testing!
- I don't understand why chunk id is associated with nodes. It should be associated with edges. (or both?)
- Finetune 7B LLM to do NER, use QLoRA, use expected json output as ground truth, 150-500 words per chunk, >5 entities per chunk, about 1000 chunks, total training corpus about 1m tokens. (costly both in computing and data labeling) (Can use FiNERweb)
- Use LLM to segment high quality entities, and finetune gliner to learn. i.e. distill LLM extractions.
- Test graph extraction with entities restricted to anonymized entities. I can build my new ideas of tagging edges with chunkid upon this.
- New multilevel retrieval:
    1. Directly retrieve relevant nodes related to a query.
    2. Use faiss to find most relevant edges related to a query.
    3. Inference time community: Start form relevant nodes. Use random walk with restart, which is equivalent to a modification of pagerank. Need graph to be connected enough. 
- Use knowledge graph embeddings to detect missing edges / evaluate completeness of KG



Things worked:
- Ask LLM to only use proper nouns as entity names. Sort of worked, but not strictly enforced. For example, 少女 now becomes 萧姓少女, but ambiguous entities like 茶楼, 东区 are left unchanged. (may conflict strict name instructions.)
- Gliner for NER. Definitely better than spacy. But need to space split unicode characters first.
- Explicitly say the graph need to be connected in prompt.


Things that did not work:
- New schema type: sometimes new types are already in existing type. And new schema type can hardly be applied to future prompts in async setting. 
- Prompt engineering: Requiring LLM to only extract edges connected to known nodes does not work. It will improve connectivity by a bit, but isolated nodes still exists.
- Finetune on DocRED or HacRED datasets to do entity extraction. Model easilly fall into dead output loops because high quality training data has a lot of edges with fewer entities, encouraging looping.